fragment shaders?

fragments are:
- something broken into sharp shards
- something abruptly unfinished (sentence fragments)

i'm reminded of those exercises in chinese where i have to put
the sentence fragments together into a grammatical sentence...

literally a jigsaw puzzle would work.

We could have an alien dictionary game?
Some alien ship was lost in space, and we're getting fragments of their transmissions.

There are a couple ways to do this:
- Have a bunch of example sentences, and you have to arrange fragments into a final sentence.
  this is just the bs you put on IQ tests...
- Have a dictionary of rules, either level-by-level or gradually exposed to you over time.
- Have an *invisible* dictionary of rules, like in that Understand game I'm trying to not spoil
  for myself.

super-bonus points if everything actually means something?!

Game loop:
- Get a list of sentence fragments.
- Try to arrange them into a sentence.
- See if you succeed.
- Story proceeds, send it off to the translators and they give you the translation.

Do we put a button to "check"?
The Witness succeeds because it's really irritating to brute-force...
having N+1 squares on a panel grows the possibilities much faster than
N+1 fragments.

Perhaps the aliens speak non-linearly?? ooooooh
yeah yeah you get nominoes of symbols

I can borrow Sendralese text aesthetic from IC Punk,
or infinifactory overlords.

Do we actually implement a whole parsing system or do we just match against
The Solution in memory?
parsing could be interesting. In fact, if i have it be parsing,
i force it to not be too hard cause i have to parse it.

I'm imagining some kind of basic "subject verb object" structure.
Main elements go across the baseline, and modifiers go below.

To give our parsing something to start from, we should have some
"start transmission" symbol.

The shapes of symbols probably should indicate their part of speech.
- Full outer ring = particle
- Lone pixel = noun
- 2 parts = verb.
- Each 2x2 block adds one level of "modifier"

So, something with a lone pixel and a 2x2 block is a noun-modifier (adjective).
Lone pixel & two 2x2 blocks is a noun-modifier-modifier (adverb).

The main baseline goes: start subject... verb object...
Below a baseline symbol goes modifiers; above them goes modifier-modifiers.

So in

 F

#ABC
 D
 E

D modifies A, E modifies A and F modifies D.
